if there is a crisis then we need to be
prepared today I'm going to present you
with some information that will be
useful to you on this topic you came
here for the truth so today let's get
into it right away the first order of
business is to think about what to do
with our savings now what exactly do
most people do with their savings well
they keep it in the bank and I think
that is so dangerous so Des disastrous
but the average person never even
considers the possibility of putting
their assets anywhere else what do we do
put that amount of savings whatever it
is into real assets some real assets
will provide you with monthly income and
others such as gold or silver may not do
so but all of them have their own pros
and cons their own attributes which may
be used useful to you so let's think
about this for a second gold and silver
holds value over a long period of time
we know that but gold and silver does
not bring in a monthly income which
could be absolutely essential for you
but what we know about cash is that it
will devalue over a long period of time
just ask your grandfather what a quarter
was back in his day I assure you it
would buy you a lot more than it does
today so we know that price stability
which is the central bank's real policy
that they have it's a fraud because we
know over time the money continues to be
worth less and less so we know that cash
is a bad investment does that mean you
should get rid of all your cash no
absolutely not because some cash kept
under the mattress will be able to
provide you with some means of
transaction action should there be a big
crisis going on now does that mean you
should keep everything under the
mattress no no no that I don't think
that's a good idea either real assets
are where your savings have to be so
having some cash on hand beneficial but
Savings in cash no absolutely not we
want to have some amount of gold and
silver even if it's just a very very
small amount even five or 10% I think
people will do very well to hold some of
that what I believe is advantageous
about gold and silver is the ability to
pass it on generation through generation
now a lot of people in the west they
don't believe in that however in other
cultures it is very very typical when
you have weddings when you have any big
event a lot of people receive gold coins
and high carrot jewelry it's a way to
pass that wealth down between families
or to keep it within the families and
they do so and simply it's it's cultural
they they have always been doing this
and it's a simple way for uh families to
keep the wealth within themselves this
is something that people in the west
they don't agree with they don't do that
I however feel that is very good if
you're going to invest in jewelry it's
much better than investing in a
depreciating liability that's a
fact let's talk about stocks some stocks
May Outlast governments that's a fact
you'll see these companies that will go
on and on and on but governments
unfortunately will fail that being said
I don't see stocks being a very good
asset at this time specifically because
things like the PE ratios and the
overvaluation that we've been seeing the
market is very hot the market is
insanely hot in fact if you look at it
based on different indicators many
people will continue to make money in
stocks I just think that it's a little
overheated at this time having said that
if you are interested in stocks the best
ones to get are those that provide
passive income if they are giving
quarterly dividends for example then
you're going to get paid out if the
stock declines significantly you may
still be getting paid out on your
dividends and that is so beneficial and
a lot of people do not take that for
into account they simply look at the
appreciation of a particular stock and I
think that's a big mistake so when
you're looking at stocks when you're
looking at even corporate bonds think
about that passive income that's
important what about real estate real
estate offers a way to provide income in
four different ways I talk about this in
my book but what we need to understand
is that real estate a lot of people are
priced out of that market so does that
mean you are not able to get in
absolutely not
not real
estate homes let's say are very
expensive for a lot of people you can
see that with the
general um housing prices housing price
index versus what people make on a
annual
basis however is a home the
only asset in real estate
well most people would say well yes
that's that's a fact but it's not and
you know I'll give you a little tidbit
here I do talk about it in my my book
here
but if you are looking into real estate
why not look into storage
lockers storage lockers are very cheap
and yet they provide a way for you to
get into the real estate market when
everybody is simply priced out of it I
don't agree with fractional Reserve
ownership time shares and things like
this I don't see that as being ownership
at all and simply should be uh stayed
you should stay away from that but
things like storage lockers and other
things that I get into in my book are
much better much better they provide you
with a monthly income and so on then we
have cryptocurrencies there 's a lot of
euphoria around cryptocurrencies right
now at this time there are a lot of
cryptocurrencies now which will not be
around in the future that's a fact but
if we stick to for example just one
Bitcoin it has had a extreme runup
there's no doubt about that but the
market cap seemingly is very small when
compared to the whole financial industry
when you take a particular stock like
Apple or like the tech industry as a
whole Bitcoin is very very small so
perhaps it has a long while to go I
don't think that necessarily it is the
be all end all and all of our money
should be in stocks or in Bitcoin I
think that's a big mistake however I
think it could be a good thing to hold
at least in a very small percentage of
your portfolio if you just had let's say
5% then I think you'll do better having
that 5% than not having any at all I
don't think that it is the new gold or
it is a replacement for Real Estate or
anything else a lot of people have
dropped a lot of money in Bitcoin and I
just think that it's a little too new at
this time we don't know what the
government regulations will do to the
price because a lot of it is speculation
right now at this time I however believe
that transacting using Bitcoin from you
and I is something that makes it better
than the financial system that runs on
the networks of all of these
multi-national conglomerates that are
punishing you and I let's get away from
these corporations and let's transact in
something like a Bitcoin I think that's
great I do really think that is positive
but I don't think that we should be
piling all of our Assets in at this time
I just I just don't see that to be a
viable option for many people we need to
diversify as much as possible even
within the asset class itself look if
you have gold and silver don't just buy
map Leafs don't just buy silver eagles
you don't want that you want to be able
to diversify within the asset class
itself I think that is very smart I
think that is very important and I think
that is a good way to end off the video
if you found this video informative then
please give me a thumbs up and last but
not least check out my website the money
gps.com where I have tons of free
information I have free ebooks I have a
free ecourse for you to check out on
there take care